# August 25, 2024 - Social features are here

## Comment section

Starting today, you can comment on any post. We're excited to see what you have to say!

Leave a comment on a post or relpy to someone else's comment.

Not so much of a writer? You can also like comments to show your support.

As a result of this change, the previous reaction system has been retired. You can no longer react to posts with heart or fire emojis directly. However, you can still express these reactions by including the emojis in your comments.

## More options to add to your post

We've added more options to your post. You can now add a caption to your post, as well mentions to other users. This way you can give credit to people who are also visible in your post.

We've also added the option to add a link to your post, this way you can show your fans where to buy it and if you're smart add your own affiliate link to even profit off of it.

All of these options are optional and do not have to be used. You can still post like before

## Push notifications [ OPEN BETA ]

Starting today you can get push notifications on your phone.
If you did not get a prompt to enable them before you can enable this feature by going into settings -> notifications and switch on push notifications.
Push notifcations currently send notifications for when someone: likes your profile/post/comment, comments on your post, replies to your comment or wishlists your post.

We're still working on this feature and will add more options in the future while also fixing bugs.

## Profile performance improvements

We've completely overhauled the way the profile page is rendered, going from a 19 to 97 Lighthouse performance score. This means that the profile page will load faster and be more responsive to your actions. Most of this has been achieved by switching to server side rendering.

Because of this we had to remove the option to post from the profile categories although the post button will always remain available to on the navigation and we had to remove the like indicator on the expand post modal until we find a fix.

## Bug fixes

- Need to reload the page/pwa to create a post after you already created one
- Settings padding on mobile has been corrected
- Filtering/Categories have been fixed
- More options in expanded post modal have been added back
- Notifications from yourself have been removed from the in-app notification feed
- Bad words filter is now applied on all inputs
